Process email generic v2 (#30355)
demisto/content: Packs/Phishing/ReleaseNotes/3_5_29.md

#### Playbooks

##### Process Email - Generic v2

> - Playbook now supports rendering a screenshot of plain-text Emails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated playbook to support rendering a screenshot of plain-text emails.
```
